"The Also Ran" split to 3 EPs

EP 1 "No Clue" 1972- 1975
1 The Also Ran
2 The Shed
3 Backroom Jam: After singing in a shed for about a year we convinced the owner of the restaurant that I worked at to open up his backroom on Friday and Saturday nights for "jam" sessions with local musicians. He was one block from the University and he could make more money!! So flyers all over the campus and boom. He bought a used PA system form a public school and we installed it. Our shed drummer left his kit set up and guitarist who had amps were encouraged to bring theirs in. I EMCed using a sign up sheet. Really got to know some talented players. We were always told to turn it down. OK. Now you know and GI Joe says "knowing is half the battle". An american toy doll commercial from back then. HAHAHAHAHA! Thank you. Take a deep breathe this will be fun.
4 The Library Bar: Love it. Well done. 1255 Riverside Drive was the address for The Library Bar. The Library Bar- Put together a five piece band from the jam sessions and had met the owner of this cool bar on the river. Old mansion kinda thing that he gutted except for the giant library. He glued all the books in and made this place a rock and roll bar. Extremely popular with the university students. He needed a backup band for the bigger acts he had connections with. We got hired. We would play Tues., Wed., Thurs. all covers and then backup the main acts on the weekend. Leslie West, Steppenwolf(John Kay), Lots of oldtimers who were out on their own. And very burned out. I believe this was my first encounter with a mob run business. I saw alot of illegal shit. That was 1974. The Library Bar and that whole area was reclaimed by the city. They made it into a lake. It is now a lake in the middle of the desert. Ha, Ha, Ha. It sits right behind the gigantic football stadium and the campus of Arizona State University. Ah, don't you love progress. I am sorry for being unaware of structure. I now have a new tool to use to help create-another born to be wild. Very appropriate. Nicely done, sir. Namaste. Cree.
5 Lost Dutchman's Ranch: Lost Dutchman's Ranch- So this guys brother(at least that what he said) bought an old western movie backlot. It was in the middle of the desert by the Superstition Mountains. 30 miles East of Phoenix, AZ. Somehow he got a weekend liquor license and opened this thing as a music attraction. There was a saloon, 3 main buildings, a main street and at the end he built a stage. Lights, PA, etc. No cars allowed. You paid at the entrance to the party. So he would do 3 different bands on the weekends. We got to be openers for every weekend show. All covers. No originals. Didn't get paid much (probably why he used us) But wow It was huge for 1975 until undercover agts. busted it down. Never saw the guy again.
6 Santa Ana Hannah: Santa Ana Hannah- Beautiful Swedish woman. Our first manager. Hired us from the stage at the Dutchman gig. I am pretty sure She sold more drugs than our music but hey. She was very connected to suppliers from The Mob. And they all owned music venues up and down the western US. So we are talking quantities. Our roadie Terry got busted by the feds with an ounce of coke at the Ranch. I remember Her negotiating with us. First thing she did was put .45 pistol down on the table. Very convincing. We had to find a new drummer after that. He up and walked out. She started our road careers. That began Feb. 1976.

EP 2 "Faces On The Road" 1976 - 1984
7 Build The Bridge: In Lake Havasu, AZ. (on the California and Arizona border) The city bought the London Bridge. You know the one that was falling down. They put it together piece by numbered piece connected to a man made island. On July 4th of 1976 they opened it with a giant stage rock party. We were on of the bands. It was crazy. We actually stayed in the mayors beach house and were hired for returning gigs every other month through 1976.
8 Gavin Is Greedy: Hannah hired a baby sitter kinda- Gavin. I think he was in charge of drug distribution. We toured Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, California and Nevada. He would always fly out ahead of us. Arrange apartments and gigs. He was always coked out. He tried to skim money off the top from Hannah. He disappeared after that. That was 1977.
9 Stagger Lee: Las Vegas 1978. We were starting to work in the North and I met Amanda when we were in Vegas. She traveled with me (us) cooked and helped with driving and clothing needs for the stage. She was a heroin addict. When stoned she would stagger around. There is a old song called '"Stagger Lee". It is rockabilly in style.
10 Rodeo Queen: 
11 Blizzard: 
12 Spring Me Out Of Jail: 
=> The music style became more current and harder rock. We were very popular with the motorcycle gangs and that crowd. They always loved the drugs I think. I liked to play the Cars, Boston, the Who, Beatles and Stones ( we would do acoustic sets to open outdoor gigs), Zep, Purple, Black Sabbath, etc. I will let you mull this information over and We will begin number 2. It was a very drugged out 8 years with no money but a lot of love.

EP 3 "Running Home" 1984 - 1986
13 Nobody Wants To Play
14 The Store
15 Biker Babes
16 Because Of You
17 Trust
18 Brand Me Out