Gal Hornstein

Kompoz.com: https://www.kompoz.com/music/artist/GalHornstein

I recorded the voice-acting part for Dr. Forman in Star-Reaper: "Chapter 11 On Board".

To be absolutely frank, I honestly don't know why the hell Markus Brunner invited me to do that in the first place, since unlike my talented friend, Thomas Hines, I was not indulged by God with a deep smooth William Shatner sound-alike voice.

Some say that God works in mysterious ways. I have to admit, I'm not much of a believer, so you can call it what ever you want, an act of God, karma, sheer luck, you name it, the fact is, that the most unexpected consequence of my most unfortunate (thus luckily most brief) contribution to the Star Reaper album, was my acquaintance with the most talented M. Brunner.

The second Godly sign was revealed to me when after doing such a lame job on voice acting for his album, Markus still had the unexplained urge to prolong the musical relationship with me, and offered me to write with him a whole new concept album for his unique Silver Lucidity series.

Well the rest, as they say, is history. 

Well anyways, I guess I got a bit distracted. So where were we?. Oh, right, Star Reaper?

Well, what can I say, it's really a great album! You are a bunch of the most talented musicians and you have done a heck of a job in constructing this online global music epic creation. 

I cheer Markus and all. See you on the second album (the EVEN BETTER ONE, you know)! ;-)

Cheers
Gal

#lyrics #vocalsspoken #music #conceptalbum #collaboration #firstalbum








Gal Hornstein

Kompoz.com: https://www.kompoz.com/music/artist/GalHornstein

"Far From The Tree"

Four weeks after being offered the opportunity to collaborate with Markus I sent him 20 song lyrics, I wrote for the second Silver Lucidity album to be named "Far From The Tree". 

This second concept album is telling the true and sad story of a fallin' angel, who had both daddy and anger issues (not necessarily in that order).

This second album is now in the middle of the exciting production process conducted by the almighty M. Brunner. Many of our fellow Kompozers are participating in the making of this album, already listed no. 1 on the bestselling charts of any streaming service ever existed (or at least it should be once it will be released).

See you on the second album (the REALLY REALLY GOOD ONE, you know)!

Cheers
Gal

#lyrics #music #conceptalbum #collaboration #farfromthetree #fallinangel #secondalbum